**document.write("...")**
>This is used to acquire the document window
>and write in ...
****
**&lt;script&gt; &lt;\\srcipt&gt;**
>This label is used to contain  the javaScript code
>and it can be written in head and body.

****
**&lt; script src = "script.js &gt; &lt; \\script &gt;**
>This is used to quote external script.

****
**alert("...")**
>This is ued to display the information.

****
**&lt;noscript&gt;...&lt;\\noscript&gt;**
>This is usually used to display the warning
>information in browser which can't support
>javaScript.

****
**conform("...")**
>This is used to conform the user's choice
>between "ok" or "cancel" and return the choice.

****
**prompt("...")**
>This is used to reminder the user and it can contain
>a question and let user to enter in the anwser and
>return it.

****
**window.onload = initAll;**
>There is initAll whitout (), this means that it will
>triggle the initAll() function.

****
**document.getElementById("redirect").onclick = initRedirect;**
>This tell the element which id is redirect that it should
>call the initRedirect() function when it is clicked on.

****
**window.location = "Bingo.html"**
>It will set the window.location tobe the new page.

****
**return false**
>This means that stop deal with the click event.

****
**table**
>Show the table data

**tr**
>The begining line in the table.

**th**
>The row's title cell table in the table.

**td**
>This contain each cell table in the table.

****
**Math.random()**
>This will generate a random num between 0 and 1.

**Math.floor(x)**
>This will gain a integer that's no more than x while
>no less than x-1.

****
**var newCard = new Array("Toyota","Honda","Nissan");**
>This will declare a array named newCard with three string.

**var usedNums = new Array(76)**
>This will declare a array named usedNums with 76 objects.

